capital = 857

oob = "IRE"
set_research_slots = 2
set_convoys = 10

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	armored_car1 = 1
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	
	gw_artillery = 1
	
	fuel_silos = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc_nsb = yes
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_naval_oob = "IRE_naval_mtg"
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "IRE_naval_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_submarine = 1
			basic_destroyer = 1
			early_light_cruiser = 1
		}
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = national_conservatism
	last_election = "1930.11.24"
	election_frequency = 84
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	anarchism = 3
	vanguard_socialism = 1
	revolutionary_socialism = 4
	democratic_socialism = 11
	social_democracy = 14
	progressive_liberalism = 16
	liberal_conservatism = 13
	national_conservatism = 19
	authoritarian_democracy = 9
	despotism = 5
	ultraconservatism = 3
	fascism = 2
}

set_country_flag = liberal_conservatism_coalition
set_country_flag = national_conservatism_coalition

set_variable = { tds_total = 160 }
set_variable = { communist_tds = 0 }
set_variable = { rev_socialist_tds = 0 }
set_variable = { socialist_tds = 0 }
set_variable = { labour_tds = 28 }
set_variable = { liberal_tds = 33 }
set_variable = { conservative_tds = 85 }
set_variable = { authoritarian_tds = 14 }
IRE_init_parliament = yes

# Paramilitary stuff #
set_variable = { IRE_ira_strength = 45 }
set_variable = { IRE_ica_strength = 35 }

set_variable = { IRE_ira_leader = 0 }
set_variable = { IRE_ica_leader = 0 }

### Leaders ###
recruit_character = IRE_jack_white
recruit_character = IRE_roddy_connelly
recruit_character = IRE_charles_donnelly
recruit_character = IRE_james_larkin
recruit_character = IRE_william_obrien
recruit_character = IRE_sean_lemass
recruit_character = IRE_william_cosgrave
recruit_character = IRE_michael_collins
recruit_character = IRE_arthur_griffith
recruit_character = IRE_eoin_oduffy
recruit_character = IRE_cathal_brugha
recruit_character = IRE_gearoid_cuinneagain

### Ministers ###
recruit_character = IRE_james_larkin_jr
recruit_character = IRE_william_norton
recruit_character = IRE_douglas_hyde

recruit_character = IRE_andy_barr
recruit_character = IRE_mairtin_o_cadhain
recruit_character = IRE_benjamin_farrington
recruit_character = IRE_sean_okelly
recruit_character = IRE_ernest_blythe
recruit_character = IRE_eoin_macneill
recruit_character = IRE_joseph_brennan
recruit_character = IRE_liam_tobin

activate_advisor = IRE_douglas_hyde_hog

### Generals ###
recruit_character = IRE_richard_mulcahy
recruit_character = IRE_hugo_macneill
recruit_character = IRE_tom_barry
recruit_character = IRE_jeremiah_oconnell

recruit_character = IRE_paddy_odaire
recruit_character = IRE_michael_oriordan

### Admirals ###
recruit_character = IRE_seamus_omuiris

### High Command ###
recruit_character = IRE_liam_archer
recruit_character = IRE_john_prout

add_ideas = {
	IRE_anglo_irish_trade_war
	IRE_paramilitary_violence
	IRE_ireland_divided
	
	limited_conscription
	limited_exports
}
